Add documentation on first recovery notification (#13742)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/notify/_index.md

**Note**: Handles that include parentheses (`(`, `)`) are not supported. When a handle with parentheses is used, the handle is not parsed and no alert is created.

#### Disable first recovery notification

By default, Datadog sends a recovery notification for monitors that **trigger before** a downtime and end up **recovering during** a downtime. This is useful when using third party integrations, such as PagerDuty, to automatically close opened incidents. Select tbe checkbox if you are not interested in receiving these recovery notifications.

> **Note**: This options mutes the **first** recovery notification. If a monitor to proceeds to trigger and recovert again during a downtime then the corresponding notifications are always muted anyways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: This options mutes the **first** recovery notification. If a monitor to proceeds to trigger and recover again during a downtime, then the corresponding notifications are always muted regardless of this option's settings.
```
